as you may know our president tonight
donald jitterbug
trump addressed the nation from the oval
office this was his first address from
the oval office up until now he'd been
using it
exclusively for uh kardashian meet and
greets but tonight
he got very serious all the major
networks covered this live and
for good reason it was historic rarely
does the president of the united states
interrupt primetime television to warn
us about a completely made-up thing
and his speech was about 10 minutes long
which uh according to stormy daniels is
about eight minutes longer than
usual
and it was interesting because the big
networks went back and forth on whether
or not they would air it
why it needs to be on all the channels
at once i don't know it could rotate
around but much of the debate in this
case
centered around whether or not it is
appropriate to give the president a
forum
to lie to us on television for real this
is the concern so what they did and i
thought this was interesting because
they've never done this before each
network
decided they would run the speech but
with a disclaimer first
the following presidential address is a
work of fiction all personalities
incidents events locations and facts
were pulled directly from the
president's ass
caveat the president spoke he did not
make mention of the caravan that
was coming to get us three months ago i
don't know what happened to that but
i guess it disappeared when the election
was done but he does want us to believe
there's a crisis at the border
besides the one he created he
desperately wants us to be worried about
the border
and here's the mistake the president's
making on this if you're donald trump
god forbid uh if you're donald trump and
you make a dumb promise during your
campaign like 200 different times to
build a wall
your plan then to fulfill that promise
you didn't know you were going gonna
have to fulfill is to get people
panicked enough
to waste five billion dollars on it
going on tv and telling us there are
bad hombres sneaking over the border
that's not gonna do we have plenty of
bad home raise here already people
people sneaking over the border don't
scare us if you really want to come up
with a fake border crisis
make it a scary border crisis go on tv
and say don't say there are illegal
immigrants say there is an army
of chupacabras crawling in
through tijuana tell everyone they've
got red eyes they got sharp claws and if
we don't stop
them they're going to eat our children
on our instagram
that's how you get people fired up
if you want a wall you want to build a
wall this is how you do it
over the years thousands of americans
have been brutally killed
by chupacabras right
if i hear that i'll help build the wall
myself but
i'm sorry i interrupted mr president go
on
some have suggested a barrier is immoral
then why do wealthy politicians build
walls fences and gates around their
homes
they don't build walls because they hate
the people on the outside
but because they love the people on the
inside
oh i see now i
it's the same reason we beat a pinata
with a stick it's not because
we hate what's on the outside it's
because we want candy
he almost seemed sedated it was like
somebody slipped a xanax into his
mcflurry this afternoon
but you can tell the president cares
about this because he addressed it by
doing his least favorite thing
which is reading but meanwhile the truth
of the matter is illegal border
crossings are at their lowest level of
many years
but there are still people sneaking
across our border and this is how they
do it you know
you see here this video now you don't
you don't go over the barrier
you go under it you tunnel
under the border and that and you can
see the pilates has really paid off for
why there hasn't been
that much i haven't seen that much
crack on the subway since 1985.
thank you after the president's speech
chuck schumer and nancy pelosi gave the
rebuttal for the democrats and these two
i don't know how many years ryan and
kelly have left on their contract but
if nancy and chuck ever decide to team
up and do a show
someone needs to get gelman on the phone
because they are
terrific i appreciate the opportunity to
speak directly to the american people
tonight
about how we can end this shutdown and
meet the needs of the american people
they stuck them out in the hall
either a hall or the white house morgue
i don't know but
congratulations on making it to the end
of a youtube video why not celebrate by
clicking the subscribe button
you earned it